Welcome to advance Google Analytics in this training we will Kovar advanced configuration settings like
custom dimensions custom metrics event tracking and other useful configurations like cross-domain tracking
and user IDs.
We'll then move on to look at some advanced analysis tools and techniques using segment's multi-channel
phone reports and custom reports.
And finally we'll finish up by looking at advanced marketing tools like remarketing and understand how
you can use the data in Google Analytics to enhance those advertising campaigns.
So this training is really going to take your Google Analytics knowledge to the next level.
So let's get straight into it.
Let's go through the steps and benefits of setting up custom dimensions custom dimensions are one of
the most powerful configuration settings you can use to collect data that's specific to your business.
And just to remind ourselves what dimensions actually are before we go look at custom dimensions dimensions
really describe data gender age country city device browser source medium.
These are all examples of dimensions that you'll find in standard Google Analytics reports and the metrics
then measure data and the metrics will invariably be a number percentage or ratio.
And most Google analysts reports they organize data in two dimensions in the rows and then the metrics
in the columns.
Now the benefits of setting up costs dimensions is that they track dimensions not available in Google
Analytics and through custom dimensions you can import data.
Google Analytics does not automatically collect and combine it with Google Analytics data.
For example you could import data from your content management system like Wordpress or your CRM like
sales force.
Then once you have that data you can build reports using the custom dimensions and custom the mansion's
are available in custom reports and they are available for use with in advanced segments.
Cousin the mansion's can also be used as secondary dimensions in standard reports.
Then with those reports you will be able to analyze company specific data and get actionable insights
tailored to the needs of your business.
So lets look at an example.
If you run a multi author blog you could create a custom dimension to capture author data from your
web site and remember that by default Google Analytics will not collect the author say of an individual
blog post thats not data youd see and report.
So what you can do then is create a custom report with Aurthur as the primary dimension to measure differences
between authors and to grow your business.
All they have to do is simply ask the author the most page views to write more.
So here is an example of this custom mention authored that we've now captured an imported from our Web
site so we have a list of all of the authors here.
Then we've combined it with the metric here in Google Analytics that comes as standard which is page
use and by combining these in a custom report we can now see that this author gets the most page views
for all of their blog posts combined.
So to grow our business we just simply ask them to write more.
And this is a great insight that we do not get in standard Google Analytics reports.
So some other examples of custom dimensions that you could import are things like the different shipping
methods whether the users are logged in or not where different member types like free paid basic go
platinum and in the same way by really capturing these and measuring them we can understand the differences
between them and get great insights.
Just like weve done in this author or example here.
So how do you set up custom dimensions.
Well the first thing to do is to go into the admin section down into custom definitions and then click
on custom dimensions and just note that you do need added access to add custom dimensions so you won't
be able to do this.
For example in the Google Analytics demo account said Step 2 then is to enter the dimension name and
select the scope.
So you just pop in author.
If we were following the example and then you need to select the scope and a dimension can have one
of the following scopes hit session user or product and you probably won't have seen this before.
So we need to explain this a little bit.
Now for standard dimensions Google Analytics automatically categorize the scope so that's probably probably
why I've never seen it before.
But for custom dimensions you must select which scope to custom dimension value will be applied to each
custom dimension can have one of the four scopes we just listed at.
And I think perhaps the easiest way to understand this is to just look at some of the standard dimensions
in Google Analytics understand what scope they are applied to and then that will give you a great guideline
for your own custom dimensions.
So there are four options as we said.
One thing you should note is the product level only really applies to e-commerce and really requires
enhanced e-commerce.
So most cases your options are really going to be down to these three different ones.
Now if we look at user things like age gender city or country they really apply to the user scope.
And once they're applied to user they don't change based on the current sessions or future sessions
their gender is not going to change.
So it really applies to the scope level.
Next you could pick the session level and things like the landing page the first page that came into
the session on where the source medium really where the traffic came from or the campaign that came
from that is going to apply at the session level and really apply to all the hits in a single session
then you can have the hit level.
So each time a page is loaded the page or the page title that really will be recorded every single year.
So that's a guideline really for you to understand what the scope is and choose the right one when you're
setting up recursing dimensions.
So step three in the process then is to implement the tracking code.
So once you finish the process you will get some tracking code like this.
And what you want to do is copy and paste this into your platform to to collect custom data and notice
it's not just for your web site.
It could also be for an app is well and what you have to remember to do is to replace the dimension
value with your own.
So in here you can see it's a template essentially it says dimension value in our Zambal we'd want to
replace that with author and then we'd want to code it in a way so we could pull the information from
our Web site.
Now different businesses will implement this tracking code in different ways depending on their collection
method and what data they wish to collect.
But Google type manager is a great option for managing and dimension tracking code more easily.
Now finally let's look at some limits and caveats of custom dimensions that you should be aware of custom
dimensions are not a must to implement but we should be aware of the benefits you can create up to cut
20 custom dimensions per property.
You can apply custom dimensions retroactively meaning you can only apply a custom dimension to data
that was collected after you created the dimension.
So going back to our Autor example we would first have to set up the custom dimension and then we could
measure the page views.
We couldn't retroactively apply that back to all the page views that have happened in the past.
You should not send personally identifiable identifiable information as values and this is against Google
and its terms of service.
So just remember that if you're importing data from say or C or M It shouldn't have say the person's
name attached to it or a phone number because this is really against Google Analytics terms of service
if you do want to import user IDs they have to be anonymous custom dimensions cannot be shared in the
solutions Goderich like Goles segments dashboards and custom reports.
And this is really because custom dimensions will be specific to business and they also have a unique
implementation process for each business.
And finally cosen dimensions cannot be deleted but you can disable them so that wraps up the steps on
the benefits of configuring custom dimensions in Google Analytics.
Lets go through these steps and benefits of setting up custom metrics and custom metrics lets you send
your own metrics to Google Analytics for analysis and the benefit of setting up customer metrics is
that you can track metrics that are not available in Google Analytics and through customer metrics you
import data.
Google Analytics does not collect and you combine it then with the Google Analytics data then you can
build reports with the customer tricks and theyre available in customer reports and also available for
use for advanced segments.
And with those reports then you can analyze company specific data and get actionable insights tailored
to the needs of your business.
So the benefits are very similar to custom dimensions.
So lets have a look at an example here.
And with custom metrics you can unlock some really great reports once again.
And in this example all of the metrics here highlighted all custom metrics you can see product revenue
which is a metric that you could find in a standard Google Analytics report if youd set up goes with
things like the original price that its blade price the product level disk and all this type of stuff
helps you to really calculate the impact of discounting and sales and promotions for any product brands.
So this is just an example from an e-commerce store but you can see that you can create new metrics
with your own data and that really helps you to get insights into your own business.
So how do you set up customer metrics.
Well once again you go to the admin section and custom definitions and custom metrics and just now once
again we will need that added access to our custom metrics.
Then you want to select the scope and on like dimensions custom metrics can only have a scope of haste
or product in most cases it's going to be hit because our product is just for e-commerce stores and
you select the formatting type.
Step number three and that's going to be a number currency or time.
And then you just hit create and once again the final step is to implement the tracking code.
You want to copy and paste it into your platform.
Once again you'll need to replace the metric with your own value.
And in terms of implementation it's going to be done in different ways for different businesses depending
on the data collection method and what data you wish to collect.
But Google type manager is normally a great option for managing custom metric tracking code more easily.
Now a couple of limits and caveats once again they're not a must.
But they have some great benefits like we've just seen a you couldn't get up to 20 custom metrics per
property.
You can apply these custom metrics retroactively.
You can only apply because symmetric today that that was collected after you created the metric.
So if you do want to see reports like that example we've seen you want to set that up as soon as possible
so you can really collect that data and apply the symmetric custom metrics cannot be shared and solutions
Gallerie like those segments dashboards and custom reports.
And that is for similar reasons like the custom dimensions.
They are specific to the business and the implementation will be specific to each business as well.
And finally customer Antrix cannot be deleted but you can disable them.
And that wraps up the steps and the benefits of setting up custom metrics in Google Analytics Let's
go through the steps and benefits of setting up event tracking in Google Analytics and event tracking
allows you to capture user interactions on your site which Google Analytics does not automatically capture.
So the benefits of event tracking is that you can track interactions that even Google Analytics goals
can track because Google Analytics goals usually require a specific page being loaded to track the interaction
such as a thank you page.
You can track how many people arrived at the thank you page and that's how we know for example that
people have sign up to our email list.
Now event tracking allows you to track interactions on a single page and that's really the advantage
and the difference between aventure event tracking and gold tracking.
With this additional tracking information you can better understand user behavior.
Understand if users are engaging mature content and performing intended actions that are important for
your business and site and you can also then view event tracking reports those are located in the event
tracking subsection which is found within the behavior reports section.
Now let's have a look at some example events that you would want to track with the event tracking a
click to call phone number and it clicked to an external link like a third party chat click on email
addresses video plays podcast plays whether someone selected the different colors or sizes on an e-commerce
site.
Abandonment of a form field.
Movements of mouse scrolling down the page and clicks on social profiles for most of these events.
It will be opening up in a third party app like into your phone for a phone number or to this live chat
or maybe you click on an e-mail address which will open up say Gmail.
And because you don't have Google and that is tracking code on those properties you can't really measure
whether people click through there.
So all of these are instances where event tracking will realize to track those interactions.
So how do you set up event tracking.
The first step is really to copy the tracking code template so to track an event a snippet of code is
added to the link on your site.
You want to track and when the link is clicked the interaction is tracked and displayed.
This is an event in Google Analytics.
So this is the tracking code.
This is the template.
And this is what you really add on to the link that you want to track.
So step number two is then to replace the template fields you want to replace the category action label
and value fields.
So all of these labels here we really need to replace and import our own to describe a user's interaction
on our Web site.
And these are all the fields that will show up within Google Analytics.
So category typically is the object or group of objects that was interacted with like a video or a PTF
or a live chat or whatever.
The action then is the type of interaction like play or download.
And both of these first are required.
And then we have label which is optional and this is useful for summarizing what event what the event
is about that could be the name of the video that was played the name of the PTF and that was clicked
or downloaded.
And then finally we have value.
And this is optional once again.
And this could be a numeric value associated with the event something like 42 or $1 or $2 or whatever.
Step three in the process then is to implement the tracking code.
So what we need to do is manually that link plus that event tracking code tier Web site you can edit
that in the code.
Or you could use something like Google TYG manager to the tracking code quickly on the highlighted text
below here shows an example of event tracking code configured to record the download of a company brochure
PBF.
So if you were to look at the code of your web site before you out of the tracking code you're going
to see something like this a page ref which shows that it's a link.
This is really where the PTF is stored on your Web site.
And what we've done with the event tracking code is added there's an added in PTF download and the name
of the current code.
The company brochure.
We have an added in that value field and this is really then how we're going to be sending that extra
information to Google Analytics.
Now in terms of reporting you can find those reports in the behavior events section and look at the
events you've tracked and see how they are performing.
And that wraps up the steps and the benefits of setting up event tracking on your site.
Let's go through the benefits and the high level steps of setting up other useful configurations in
Google Analytics and the first configuration We'll look at is customer session settings and this allows
you to set how long sessions can last.
And by default sessions and in Google Analytics after 30 minutes of inactivity or when the user closes
the browser window and you can Lankton this session time if the average user spends a lot more time
on your site for example two hours to play again.
So if you want to lengthen the session time and capture all of their behavior under one session you
can go to the admin section and tracking info and session session settings and then change it from 30
minutes which you'll see by default to whatever period of time will really be appropriate for your users.
Now the second configuration is cross-domain tracking.
And this allows you to track users and sessions across multiple domains.
For example an e-commerce site that has a separate shopping cart site with across domain tracking the
shopping behavior.
And check out in this example won't get along together.
And Google Analytics won't be able to sociate these users and sessions with their respective domains.
And this is because Google Analytics cannot link the anonymous Id known as the client's Id signed by
one domain to another domain.
So to set up cross-domain tracking you can use Google tag manager or you can modify the tracking code
itself so that you can really have the information from both to mains feeding in to one Google Analytics
property.
Now the actual implementation of domain tracking is quite technical.
So I've included a link to it there but the key thing you should be taking away now is why you would
even need it.
And it's really you can track users and sessions across multiple domains like an e-commerce store and
a separate shopping cart or a main site that has a blog that's on a separate domain.
Now the next configuration is user ID.
And this allows you to track users across multiple devices and sessions by default.
Google Analytics will not be able to identify sessions from the same user.
When their session happens in different browsers on the same device or different browsers on different
devices.
So even if I go to a Web site on my phone I go once through the Chrome browser I go a second time through
the Safari browser.
Google Analytics will not know that I am the same person and this is because the anonymous Id known
as the client id that's assigned by each domain is actually also stored in the browser itself.
So to really use use your I.D. you must have a sign in.
That generates your own ideas and be able to consistently associate them with the set of data.
And so this is the key thing if you want to track users across multiple devices in sessions.
You need to have your own log in where people log in with a username and password so that you can generate
your own IDs and attach them to their sessions.
And really to set this up you can go to tracking info once again.
User ID really follow the implementation instructions to set that up.
The next useful configuration is internal site search.
And this allows you to see how users search your site and if you have a search field that lets customers
search on your Web site you can set up site search to track what search terms users enter.
And this can help you identify missing or obscured content optimized navigation on site land and improve
search results and even generate ideas for new keywords for marketing campaigns.
So to set up sites search you want to go to the oddments section to view and then view settings he actually
set this up for an individual view and then enables site search tracking and enter the query parameter.
And this is really what you're seeing here they're putting keywords.
This is from the Google Analytics demo account and this is what your Web site uses in the world.
When users search on your site.
So if you went to the Google Analytics demo and you typed in a search in their search box you're going
to see that it has like questionmark keywords.
And then after that you'll see whatever search query you entered in.
And this is really the way that Google Analytics can link what people have typed in on your site and
pull them into the useful reports for you.
The next configuration is custom channel group and this allows you to customize how Google Analytics
groups channels in your reports by default Google Analytics groups your traffic sources using default
channels like organic social direct referral and display.
If you want to set up your own custom channel group you can go to the admin section and really come
down into channel settings here and make a copy of this default channel grouping and then you can edit
it and label your traffic in other ways for analysis that you want.
For example if you wanted to move a traffic source that was grouped by default in Google Analytics under
social You could move that to community.
Now the next configuration is data import.
And this allows you to upload data from external sources and combine that with data that you've collected
in Google Analytics data import provides an alternative to collecting data by the javascript tracking
code.
So just note if you were importing custom dimension and metric data you'll first need to create custom
dimensions and metrics prior to uploading the data with this data important method.
And so to use that data import you just want to come down into the admin section once again click on
data import and really you will be uploading a CSP file or an Excel straight into Google Analytics.
So in summary here are some of the other useful configurations that we've looked at.
Some of them the implementation is very technical.
So we've just looked at it at a high level but you should understand now what they are at a high level
and the benefits of using all of these other configurations.
Now that we have finished looking at the advanced configuration settings in Google Analytics Let's move
on and look at the advanced analysis tools and techniques you can using Google Analytics.
Let's go through the benefits and these steps of using segments for analysis and Google Analytics segments
are one of the most powerful tools in Google Analytics for analysis and segments allow you to isolate
and compare various groups of users on your Web site.
And the benefits of segment's is that this segmentation allows you to really understand the differences
between various groups of your users and identify growth opportunities really based on those differences
and you can compare up to four segments side by side in a single report segments can be applied to any
report within Google Analytics segments can be applied to historical data and segments do not permanently
alter your data like filters do and segment's can also be used to build audiences for remarketing campaigns
and some examples segments here for example converters versus non converters.
You can compare the behavior of visitors who converted versus those who didn't convert and really look
at are there any differences in their age or their gender or their interests and you couldn't really
pinpoint your most valuable visitors and really understand the factors that are helping to drive conversions.
And you could optimize your site or marketing to encourage more conversions.
You could also look at high volume customers and isolate those big spenders to understand Rudy who they
are how they behave and what makes them different and then target them in future acquisition campaigns
and optimize your site and retention campaigns to encourage average customers to start behaving like
those high Vadi customers.
You could also look at one time buyers versus multi buyers what really separates the ones on buyers
and multi buyers.
Do they have a tendency to buy products from specific categories make changes to really encourage them.
There's one time buyers to start behaving like multi buyer customers.
So this is just some of the examples of the segments that you could isolate and compare and really some
of the insights that you can get in order to grow your business.
So how do you use segments.
Well the first step is to add a segment.
So you just need to click on the ad segments tab at the top of any reporting Google Analytics and then
you have two types of segments you can add.
There are the default segments.
So you just want to click turn into system and really see the predefined segments that will be there
for you in Google Analytics and you can select the segment you want to compare and click apply.
And the second type of segment is a custom text segment.
So to do that you'll just click on the custom segment tab and then click on Create new segments and
it'll open up into the segment builder just like this.
And really you can define the segment by selecting these different filters.
So for example you could isolate a group of users who are say women ages 25 to 34 and located in the
New York City area and you could really see here what percentage of those users are.
So you can really focus in on a particular subset.
You can also use custom dimensions in this segment builder if you really want to build the segment from
those custom dimensions and you can set that up in the conditions tab here.
Then you just need to apply the segments to your reports and you're going to see something similar to
this.
So the segments will appear in every report until you change them or leave Google Analytics and he can
select this and quit that segments and it'll go back to the original view.
So that wraps up the benefits and the steps to use segments for analysis in Google Analytics.
Let's go through the benefits and the steps to use multi-channel fun reports for analysis and Google
Analytics and the multi-channel phone reports show how different marketing channels work together to
create conversions and the benefits of these multi-channel phone reports is that they allow you to really
analyze channel contribution.
You see most reports in Google Analytics attributes all of the credits of a conversion to the last touch
point on the conversion path.
And this is called The last click attribution model and the multi-channel phone reports gives you the
bigger picture and really enables you to see how often channels initiated assisted and or completed
conversions.
And then you can also use this information to analyze conversion parts and really understand what those
top conversion parts are how many interactions and days it really took users to convert.
And then finally with this information you can really optimize your marketing and knowing how other
channels initiated or assisted conversions helps you to find the right marketing mix and decide how
best to spend your budget.
So the multi-channel phone reports you can access them in the left hand navigation underneath conversions.
And let's jump into the Google Analytics demo.
Can't you just go through the five reports that you'll see here.
So first we have the overview report.
And here you can see a snapshot of the total number of conversions as well as the total number of assisted
conversions.
Then below the graph here you can see the visualizer where you can see the percentage of total conversions
broken down with different channels and you can adjust this to really see where there is a big overlap
visually.
Just note for these multi-channel phone reports for this over your port and the other reports you can
look at all of the conversions combine or select specific ones and you can also look at all of your
conversion data or just your Google ad campaign conversion data if you've linked to your Google accounts.
You can also extend the look back window from one day up to 90 days if you want to look at a longer
period and look at the conversion pads over say a 90 day period.
The second report is the assisted conversions report and this shows you really the total number and
the monetary value of assisted conversions broken out by channel on really the higher these numbers
are the more the channel helps really assists with conversions.
Next we have top versions path report which shows the different routes customer take before conversion
and you can really see the popular parts here through your marketing funnel and find out what's really
working next we have the time lag report.
And here you can see the band telling customers take from the first channel interaction to conversion.
Finally we have the path length report and this shows how many interactions visitors had with your site
before they converted.
And here's a quick summary of all of the multi-channel faunal reports.
There are couple of limits and caveats to be aware of in order to enable multi-channel phone reports.
You need to set of goals or e-commerce tracking.
And also remember that some set up is required in order to properly track the following channels.
Google ads you'll need to link google ads with analytics for paid search or non-Google search campaigns.
You will need to use campaign tagging and also for custom campaigns.
You will need to use campaign tagging so that all of those channels are properly reported in the multi-channel
phone reports.
So that wraps up the benefits on the steps of using multi-channel phone reports for analysis in Google
Analytics.
Let's go through these steps and the benefits of using custom reports for analysis and Google Analytics
and custom reports Alade to go beyond standard Google Analytics reports and gain truly valuable insights
by creating reports for yourself.
So the benefits of course from reports is that you can really gain some very valuable insights and you
can build customer reports with standard dimensions and metrics that you don't see in reports and Google
Analytics and really drill them into fine details and discover correlations you wouldnt otherwise see.
You can also build reports with custom dimensions and metrics which we've talked about and you can analyze
and present nonstandard data within custom reports.
You can also create reports for different teams.
For example the marketing team will be interested in one set of metrics and the development team will
have their own agenda so you can really create custom reports just for them and leave out all other
information.
You can organize data for presentations with custom reports and just present exactly what is needed
with the extraneous and unnecessary information.
And you can also export data into other software for analysis using custom reports and you can include
more than two dimensions per row.
So look let's look at an example custom dimension and this is the hours and days report and you can
actually get this in your own Google Analytics account here of linked to.
And with this custom report you can see what time of the day on which day of the week your website receives
the most traffic.
See good reply you your marketing campaigns to kick off on those busiest days of your site when you
know most of your users are on line so you can engage as many as possible or for the days where you
notice where you don't have a lot of traffic and at times in the middle of the night on Sunday you could
plan all your maintenance then for your web site.
So you're disrupting the least amount of customers possible.
So this is just an example of one custom report where you can get some great insights that you don't
get in some in the standard Google Analytics reports.
So how do you create custom reports.
You just go to the customization section and the left turn navigation bar.
Click on custom reports new customer report and you can just pick the dimensions and metrics and higher
they should be displayed in the custom report.
If you don't want to create your own Google and like custom reports you can go ahead and borrow some
from the Google solutions gallery which gives you access to custom reports and advance segments by others.
So there's some great reports there that you can just import into your own google the Kanes in one click
and you can also share any of your custom reports there.
They'll just get a template they won't see any of your data so couple of.
Or just one real limitation that you should be aware of.
Customer reports is they will not let you pare metrics and dimensions of different scopes.
So when you add dimensions in metrics just make sure they're of the same scope or no data will appear
in the report and read.
That means that the dimension and the metrics should both have the hit user session or product scope.
We discuss that in more detail.
When we looked at custom dimensions so that wraps up the steps on the benefits of using custom reports
for analysis in Google Analytics now that we have looked at advanced analysis tools and techniques.
Let's move on to the final section and really look at how Google Analytics can be used to enhance remarketing
campaigns.
So let's go through these steps and benefits of using your Google Analytics data to augment your marketing
So remarketing is a powerful marketing tool that allows you to show targeted ads to bring users back
to web site and encourage a conversion.
And here are some example remarketing ads you might visit a web site then you're on a different Web
site later on and you see the ads kind of popping back up maybe even offering you a coupon to come back
and to make a purchase.
So the benefits of marketing are that generally they have higher conversion rates.
Somebody who's already educated themselves about your product or service is one step further into the
buying cycle than those who visit your site for the first time.
And as a result they have higher conversion rates generally remarketing also has lower cost per clicks
because those higher conversions translate to a faster return on your investments and really lower the
cost for sale.
And with three marketing campaigns as well you can also have really targeted ad copy and for someone
who's already visited your web site you can change the copy from say are you interested in widgets too.
Are you still in need of widgets.
And check out some widgets you've missed.
Obviously that's just an example but it's much more targeted towards someone who's been to your site.
So what are the benefits of remarketing in Google Analytics.
Well you can actually set up remarketing in Google ads but it's the integration with Google Analytics
that offers some options to augment your Google Ads remarketing.
And the first main benefit is that you can create remarketing lists so the audiences that you'll be
remarketing to you can create them straight from your analytics data and you can build audiences from
your analytics data and retarget them based on the pages that they've visited their site engagement
like the time on site their page views per session their site activity like whether they've completed
certain events or goals or e-commerce transactions.
And also based on their demographics like their interest or their age or their gender.
So you couldn't really get specific in and target people not only who have been to your site but also
who have completed voluble actions like goals and you can even use those segments as remarketing audience
as well.
So there's also no need to modify your site code.
Remarketing in ad words does require you to add the remarketing tag to your Web site.
But you just need to enable remarketing one click in the oddments settings and then you're ready to
go for standard remarketing.
Let's go through the steps to set up stand remarketing and the first step is to link your Google onsight
can't and you can do that in the admin section of your Google Analytics you can't just click on the
add linking section.
Second step is to go into the admin section into tracking info come in and dead collection and just
make sure that you have enabled remarketing an advertising reporting features.
Step number three then is to add a new remarketing audience.
These are the people that you really be remarketing your ads to.
So to do that come down into the admin section under audience definitions you'll see the audience section
there and just click on Add a new audience.
Step number four then is to define your remarketing audience and there are three options.
First is that you can select from a list of pre-defined audiences that will be there in Google Analytics
or you can create a new audience from scratch where you can import a segment and really to create a
new audience.
It's actually very similar to the segment builder that you're already familiar with.
And then the final step is to publish the audience to google ads.
You'll see an estimated audience size and then you can just click publish and that audience list will
populate into Google ads and then you can use that in Google ads to create a campaign and remarket to
those specific audiences.
So a couple of limits and caveats about remarketing that you should be aware of remarketing audience
must include a minimum of 100 unique users before it can be used.
The maximum duration a user can be included in a remarketing audience is 540 days since Web site remarketing
utilizes browser cookies.
If a user clears their browser cookies they will no longer be a part of the remarketing audience you've
created until they visit your site again.
And that really wraps up these steps on the benefits of using Google Analytics as part of your marketing
campaigns and that really wraps up this training as well as a quick recap we have covered advanced configuration
settings like custom dimension's custom metrics event tracking and other useful configurations across
the main tracking and user IDs.
We also looked at advanced analysis tools and techniques like segment's multi-channel phone reports
and customer reports.
Finally we finished up there looking at how you can use Google Analytics to really and hands free marketing
campaigns.
So I hope this course is taken.
Your Google Analytics knowledge to the next level all of the slides are available for you to help you
out even further.
The link is in the description you can download them straight away.
So thank you for your attention and congratulations on completing this advance.
Google Analytics training.